[docs] Add info about new IcoMoon app (#43191)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/icons.mdx

The `createIconSetFromIcoMoon` method is used to create a custom font based on an [IcoMoon](https://icomoon.io/) config file. You have to save the **selection.json** and **.ttf** in your project, preferably in the **assets** directory, and then load the font using either `useFonts` hook or `Font.loadAsync` method from `expo-font`.

> > **IcoMoon app versions:** The [new IcoMoon app](https://icomoon.io/new-app) exports a different JSON format than the [old IcoMoon app](https://icomoon.io/app). The current `createIconSetFromIcoMoon` function only supports the old app's output. [PR #356](https://github.com/expo/vector-icons/pull/356) adds support for the new format. This support will work once released in `@expo/vector-icons`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **IcoMoon app versions:** The [new IcoMoon app](https://icomoon.io/new-app) exports a different JSON format than the [old IcoMoon app](https://icomoon.io/app). The current `createIconSetFromIcoMoon` function only supports the old app's output. See the [Pull Request on Github](https://github.com/expo/vector-icons/pull/356), which adds support for the new format. This support will work once released in `@expo/vector-icons`.
```

I'd like to make the above suggestion to improve the link text for improved readability.
